[Documentation] Improved analog QUBO tutorial (#286)
pasqal-io/qadence: docs/digital_analog_qc/analog-qubo.md

> !!! warning
>     Tutorial to be updated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        [5.42015853, 0.85604541, 0.17675796, 0.32306662, -10.0],
    ]
)

> # Cost function for a single bitstring

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a formula ?

Author: No need, it is trivial and there is already ample reference for the reader to check it out by themselves.

> def cost_bitstring(bitstring, qubo_mat):

Reviewer 2: Do you bother about type annotations ?

    z = np.array(list(bitstring), dtype=int)
    cost = z.T @ qubo_mat @ z
    return cost

# Cost function for a full measured sample
def cost_qubo(counter, qubo_mat):
    cost = sum(counter[key] * cost_bitstring(key, qubo_mat) for key in counter)
    return cost / sum(counter.values())  # Divide by total samples
```

The QAOA algorithm needs a variational quantum circuit with optimizable parameters.

> We use a fully analog circuit composed of two global rotations per layer on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For that purpose, we use a fully analog circuit composed of two global rotations per layer on
```

different axes of the Bloch sphere.
The first rotation corresponds to the mixing Hamiltonian and the second one to the

> embedding Hamiltonian (given by the register coordinates and equivalent to a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
embedding Hamiltonian (given by the register coordinates and equivalent to a ...)
```

I find this part in parenthesis unclear. Not sure if that relates only to the embedding Hamiltonian or the mixing one or both ?

Author: Only the embedding. I will clarify it.

free evolution of the neutral atom array) in the QAOA algorithm.

??? note "Rydberg level"
    The Rydberg level is set to *70*. We
    initialize the weighted register graph from the QUBO definition
    similarly to what is done in the
    [original tutorial](https://pulser.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorials/qubo.html),
    and set the device specifications with the updated Rydberg level.

```python exec="on" source="material-block" result="json" session="qubo"
# Device specification and atomic register
device = RydbergDevice(rydberg_level=70)

reg = Register.from_coordinates(
    qubo_register_coords(Q, device), device_specs=device
)

# Analog variational quantum circuit
layers = 2
block = chain(*[AnalogRX(f"t{i}") * AnalogRZ(f"s{i}") for i in range(layers)])
circuit = QuantumCircuit(reg, block)
```

By feeding the circuit to a `QuantumModel` we can check the initial
counts where no clear solution can be found:

```python exec="on" source="material-block" result="json" session="qubo"
model = QuantumModel(circuit)
initial_counts = model.sample({}, n_shots=1000)[0]

print(f"initial_counts = {initial_counts}") # markdown-exec: hide
```

> Finally, we can proceed to the variational optimization. The cost function

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, we can proceed with the variational optimization. The cost function
```

> defined above is based on bitstring and thus non differentiable. We use Qadence

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
defined above is derived from bitstring computations and therefore non differentiable. We use Qadence
```

> ML facilities to run some gradient-free optimization based on the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ML facilities to run gradient-free optimizations using the
```
